The difference between science and the arts is not that they are different sides of the same coin even, or even different parts of the same continuum, but rather, they are manifestations of the same thing. The arts and sciences are avatars of human creativity. I like to think of ideas as potential energy. They're really wonderful, but nothing will happen until we risk putting them into action. The really wonderful thing that happened to me when I was in space was this feeling of belonging to the entire universe. I've gotten this advice at different times, and it distills down to one word: purpose. Why are you here? When you start to get distracted by thoughts such as 'Do I fit in? Does this person like me?' - remember why you're there and what you want to accomplish. People like space. But they sometimes have been left out. People are much more open to that if you invite them in. We look at science as something very elite, which only a few people can learn. That's just not true. You just have to start early and give kids a foundation. Kids live up, or down, to expectations. I'm not somebody who gets teared up or anything, but I still look up at the stars, and it gives me hope, and it gives me energy. I think one of the things that we have to think about it is, we are all a part of this universe. The reality is the majority of us will not get off this planet. So the long run is, some kind of space exploration has to benefit us here on Earth. I stayed in the astronaut program until 1993. People ask me why I left. I thought I had a lot of things to contribute that would be difficult to do if I stayed. I thought I could have a stronger voice as an advocate for space exploration. So I ended up starting my own technology consulting company. The drills we do, where you're telling kids to memorize things, don't actually work. What works is engaging them and letting them do things and discover things. You have to actually be weighted to something to do the moonwalk, you know. 