Make up your mind, Alana. I waited until another minute passed without anyone emerging from the cargo hold, then I moved forward and hid behind an old hull panel closer to the vessel. When I still didn't see anyone come out, I moved from the panel to the other side of the ship in a low crouch, trying my best to hide behind molded crates and metal scrap. The ship's mouth yawned in front of me. Inside, stacks of sturdy crates were belted to the hold floor. Not a crew member in sight. If you had dogs at your heels and all the galaxy's glittering possibility in front of you, where do you think you'd go? Backward or forward? Electricity zapped one of the yard's dissipator rods, sparks raining down on the ship, and I swore I felt her sizzle in my own veins, twining electromagnetic fingers inside me. She was calling, this ship. More than any of the other vessels I'd met, she wanted me. I felt it. All her heat and light pulsed like blood, scorching my body, urging my feet onward, toward the mouth, whether I wanted them to move or not. Seeing her close-up like this made me come unbound; my old life peeled away like shed skin, making room for her. I felt like a new soul, naive and open. The ship was connecting to me through her song. Welding us together. Heat like that was bound to leave a mark. Only part of me was aware of my movements. The rest of my consciousness was lodged deep inside the metal of the Gartik transport, beckoned by the mind of the ship. One step after another, I headed into the cargo hold, tucked myself into an empty crate, and held my breath. Minutes later, the cargo door screeched and slammed shut. Hunger growled inside that sound-a crunching and gnashing of metal teeth. I couldn't help feeling like the vessel was digesting me and turning me into a new organ, a pacemaker stitched into her heart. Vibrations from the takeoff threatened to shatter bone and tear ligament as I braced myself against the flat walls of the crate. My body rattled as badly as my heart while I crouched there, sweaty and scared, barely dodging a panic attack. I guess in light of my situation-and by situation, I mean crime-I figured I was doing pretty well. My thick locs hung heavy over my shoulders and back, rendering the heat in the crate all the more oppressive. Pills rattled in my pocket, a chattering of tiny white teeth reminding me of what was at stake if this went as badly as it could. If you run out of Dexitek... I tried ignoring the sound of the pills, focusing on the ship's rhythm. Her engine's pulse. Her voice. Letting her inside just as I insinuated myself into her. 