"Both parents were Transport. I was Transport up till the time of the Embargo." "That's true. Suppose I say, 'yes, I think you can'?" "I'd say, 'thanks,' and leave tomorrow." "Suppose I said I'd like a week to check over your psyche-indices with a microscope, while you took a vacation at my place, taught no classes, gave no public readings, avoided cocktail parties?" "I'd say, 'thanks.' And leave tomorrow." He grinned. "Then why are you bothering me?" "Because-" She shrugged. "Because tomorrow I'm going to be busy as the devil. . . and I won't have time to say good-bye." "Oh.'' The wryness of his grin relaxed into a smile. And he thought about the myna bird again. Rydra, thin, thirteen, and gawky, had broken through the triple doors of the conservatory with the new thing called laughter she had just discovered how to make in her mouth. And he was parental proud that the near corpse, who had been given into his charge six months ago, was now a girl again, with boy-cropped hair and sulks and tantrums and questions and caresses for the two guinea pigs she had named Lump and Lumpkin. The air-conditioning pressed back the shrubbery to the glass wall and sun struck through the transparent roof. She had said, "What's that, Mocky?" And he, smiling at her, sun-spotted in white shorts and superfluous halter, said, "It's a myna bird. It'll talk to you. Say hello." The black eye was dead as a raisin with a pinhead of live light jammed in the comer. The feathers glistened and the needle beak lazed over a thick tongue. She cocked her head as the bird head cocked, and whispered, "Hello?" Dr. T'mwarba had trained it for two weeks with fresh-dug earthworms to surprise her. The bird looked over its left shoulder and droned, "Hello, Rydra. It's a fine day out and I'm happy." Screaming. As unexpected as that. He'd thought she'd started to laugh. But her face was contorted, she began to beat at something with her arms, stagger backwards, fall. The scream rasped in near collapsed lungs, choked, rasped again. He ran to gather up her flailing, hysterical figure, while the drone of the bird's voice undercut her wailing: "It's a fine day out and I'm happy." He'd seen acute anxiety attacks before. But this shook him. When she could talk about it later, she simply said-tensely, with white lips, "It frightened me!" Which would have been it, had the damn bird not gotten loose three days later and flown up into the antenna net he and Rydra had put up together for her amateur radio stasis-crafter with which she-could listen to the hyperstatic communications of the transport ships in this arm of the galaxy. A wing and a leg got caught, and it began to beat against one of the hot lines so that you could see the sparks even in the sunlight. "We've got to get him out of there!" Rydra had cried. Her fingertips were over her mouth, but as she looked at the bird, he could see the color draining from under her tan. "I'll take care of it, honey," he said. "You just forget about him." "If he hits that wire a couple of more times he'll be dead. But he had already started inside for the ladder. When he came out, he stopped. She had shinned four-fifths up the guy wire on the leaning catalpa tree that shaded the corner of the house. Fifteen seconds later he was watching her reach out, draw back, reach out again toward the wild feathers. He knew damn well she wasn't afraid of the hot line, either; she'd strung it up herself. Sparks again. So she made up her mind and grabbed. A minute later she was coming across the yard, holding the rumpled bird at arm's length. Her face looked as if it had been blown across with powdered lime. "Take it, Mocky," she said, with no voice behind her trembling lips, "before it says something and I start hollering again." 