"Quentin Harris?" "Yeah?" "He's my father." Jenks said nothing. He exhaled. "Holy shit. Oh, Rosemary, I'm wow. I'm so sorry." He paused again. "Shit, I had no idea." "That was the point. Nobody was supposed to know. I shouldn't even be here, I'm not - I lied, Jenks, I lied and cheated and covered things up, but I just can't do this anymore, I can't - " "Whoa, hey, slow down. One thing at a time." He sat quiet, thinking. "Rosemary, I have to ask this, and you have to tell me the truth, okay?" "Okay." His jaw was firm, his eyes wary. "Were you involved in in what he did? I mean, even just a little bit, doctoring forms or lying to the police or something - " "No." It was the truth. "I didn't know anything about it. I didn't know anything until the detectives appeared at my apartment and spent the morning asking me questions. They knew I had nothing to do with it, and they told me I was under no obligation to be involved with the trial. I didn't even have to stay on Mars." He searched her face, and nodded. "So okay." He laughed. "Stars, that's a relief. I thought I was going to hate you there for a minute." He patted her leg. "Alright, you're innocent. So " He looked baffled. "Rosemary, sorry, but what the fuck is the problem here?" She was shocked still. "What?" "I mean, okay, I get that you're going through a lot right now, and by a lot, I mean some serious emotional shit that's going to take us dozens of bottles of kick to work through, but why lie about it? If you're not involved, then why would you think we'd care?" Rosemary was unprepared for this. Months and months of worrying and dreading, and he didn't care? "You don't understand. Back on Mars, it didn't matter that I hadn't done anything. Everyone knew who I was. All the news feeds, it was nothing but our family history, even vacation pics and things like that. All focused on my father, of course, but there's little me, smiling and waving at his side. I don't even know how they got that stuff. And it was all paired up with medical experts talking about what targeters do to you, and all those news people yelling about corruption. You know the feeds, they never stop once they get their claws in. My friends stopped talking to me.